1. You have to look through the event files to find a request with the "Event ID" 4769 that requests information to a service name that doesn't end with a $, or has a "TicketEncryptionType" of 0x17 (Different to 0x12 or 0x11 that are AES256-CTS-HMAC-SHA1-96 and AES128-CTS-HMAC-SHA1-96 respectively), this encryption mode is RC4-HMAC, a weak encryption that enables an attacker to crack the password of the SCP.
2. Extract all the information from the "malicious" event like "ServiceName", "IpAddress", "TargetUserName",etc.
3. After this, you have to go to the Events of the PC that enabled the attack. Look for information that suggests that a command with malicious intentions was executed, an example could be "powerview.ps1". This file gives the attacker a network situational awareness on Windows domains. It basically gives a map to the malicious actor of where does the information and interesting services lay.
4. Once you have a full panorama about the attack and how did this attack was carried out you can run a tool called "PECmd.exe" in the prefetch files. This app takes all the .exe files of the computer based on the given prefetch's, once you've run this tool you can give the .csv file to another tool called "Timeline Explorer". This application gives a simple view of all the information in the machine like apps running, the last time they did run in the PC or the path of the apps. Some apps you have to look for in order to spot a kerberosting attack could be [Impacket](</General Info/Tools/Active Directory/Impacket>), [Rubeus](</General Info/Tools/Active Directory/Rubeus>), [PowerSploit (Invoke-Kerberoast)](</General Info/Tools/Active Directory/PowerSploit (Invoke-Kerberoast)>).